Microsoft announced the release of build 10536 for mobile devices but cancelled the update shortly before the full roll-out began due to a bug that made it impossible to upgrade to future builds. The update was already staged and build 10536.1003 was rolled out to 200 Windows Insiders. While this is a very small roll-out, we do concider it a public release and are thus listening September 11, 2015 as this build's release date. This build was re-released as 10536.1004 on September 15, 2015.
## What's new in Windows 10 Mobile build 10514.0?

When upgrading from 10512, Windows Insiders will also get build 10514 delivered. This build is required to overcome an upgrading issue. Upgrading from Windows Phone 8.1 won't trigger this build.
### And further
- Unknown changes

## What's new in Windows 10 Mobile build 10536.1000?
### General
- Make device visible for USB Ethernet Emulation Model
- Make device show up trough USB connection and in local network
- One-handed mode now available on all devices
- Support for Japanese and English (India) voice input

### Microsoft Edge
- Improved support for HTML5
- Improved support for ECMAScript 6 en 7

### Apps
- Insider Hub is now included again
- The Photos app now has a folder view
- You can now share your feedback from the Windows Feedback app

### And further
- Mobile hotspot is now functional again
- Quiet Hours\Do Not Disturb is also fixed
- Pinch to zoom in maps has been fixed to work as expected
- The delay for the lockscreen (to show time and data and unlock) has been fixed

## What's new in Windows 10 Mobile build 10536.1003?
### And further
- Unknown changes, contained a bug that disallowed future updates

## What's new in Windows 10 Mobile build 10536.1004?
### Fixes
- Fixes a bug that caused later updates to fail
- Fixes a bug that caused issues when purchasing something trough the store