## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14147.180?
### Interface
- The default start screen has been updated for new devices

### Features
- You can now create folders on the start screen
- Cortana
 - China can now choose a different appearance for Cortana
 - You can now use Cortana when your phone is locked
- Apps Corner is a new mode to use a pre-selected series of apps

### Internet Explorer
- Improvements to the rendering of sites
- Internet Explorer has a new User Agent String
- Some Webkit-previxes are now supported

### Apps
- You can now set a snooze time for an alarm
- Messaging
 - You can now send sms-messages to other people when already send
 - There are now management options for messages
- You can now remove calls in the phone app
- Store now has a live tile
- Xbox Music
 - Music now has its live tile back
 - Support for Kids Corner
 - Improved performance


### System technologies
- Devices without a SIM now can update the time automaticaly
- Support for Voice over LTE
- Support for Netwrok Time Protocol
- You can now share internet over Bluetooth
- CDMA- + GSM-dual-sim support
- VPN over WiFi hotspot support
- Support for smartcovers
- Support for the 800x1280, 540x960 (limited to screens under 6 inch) screen resolutions
- The 768x1280 resolution can now be used for devices up to 7 inch
- Support for Bluetooth PAN 1.0
- Support for Bluetooth aptX-codec and A2DP
- Support for Bluetooth AVRCP
- Support for Qualcomm Qucik charge 2.0 (Snapdragon 400, 600 and 800)
- APIs for linked devices, like smart watches

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14157.200?
### And further
- Improved stability

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14176.243?
### And further
- HTC Windows Phone 8X, 8S and 8XT are now supported
- Fixes a bug that prevented Windows Phone 8.1 Update from installing
- Fixes a bug in Access Violation

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14192.280?
### And further
- Test for "Critical updates"

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14192.280?
### Apps
- Battery Saver now has a live tile
- You can now set an installation time for updates under settings

### And further
- NTP-sync is now enabled by default

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14219.314?
### Features
- Cortana is now available in French, German, Italian and Spanich
- Windows Phone can use an SD-card to update if there is not enough space on the device

### Settings
- There is now a "Mobile" switch for the Action Center

### And further
- You can now save folder on an SD-card
- Support for hardware keyboards

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14226.359?
### And further
- Fixes issues with the screen of the Microsoft Lumia 535

## What's new in Windows Phone 8.1 build 14234.375?
### And further
- Fixes issues with the screen of the Microsoft Lumia 535