## Taskbar + Action center
- When your microphone is in use, it will show an icon in the system tray

## Settings
### Network & Internet
- You can now set advanced Ethernet settings
- The corresponding Ethernet adapter name will now be shown in the sidebar

## Language and input
- The emoji panel will now show pages with character-emojis

## Apps
### Registry Editor
- Pressing F4 will now move the caret to the end of the address bar and open the autocomplete dropdown

## And further
- The Ebrima font has been added to support ADLaM

## Fixed issues
- We fixed the issue causing Task Manager to report inaccurate CPU usage.
- We fixed the issue where the arrows to expand “Background processes” in Task Manager blink constantly and weirdly.
We added a microphone icon in the system tray which appears when your microphone is in use.
Pressing F4 when in Registry Editor will now place the caret at the end of the address bar, expanding the autocomplete dropdown.
- We fixed an issue where when using dark mode File Explorer’s context menu had an unexpectedly thick white border in recent builds.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the advanced startup pages not rendering text correctly (showing square boxes instead) in certain languages, like Thai.
- We fixed the issue causing Narrator to crash when reading by line in a Command Prompt.
- We fixed the issue where Narrator did not read out the Windows Security application name in Shell Notification area (Systray) and only read the recommended actions.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Windows Hello not working on the login screen in the previous build (instead of logging in it would prompt you to enter a pin).

## Known issues
- We’re investigating an issue resulting in Settings crashing when invoking actions on certain pages.
- If you cannot sign in with any credential and logon fails with error 0xc000005e, rebooting your computer should resolve this.
- If the update fails with error 0xC1900101, attempting to update again should resolve the issue.
- Some users may have an issue launching Inbox Apps after updating. To resolve this please check the following thread on the Answers forum: aka.ms/18252-App-Fix.