## Settings
### Cortana & Search
- The page "Searching Windows" has been added and provides options to expand Windows' indexing range

## Accessibility
- Narrator has been improved to work better with Chrome
- USB support for Inceptor and Orbit 20 displays has been added with BRLTTY 5.6
- Support for the UI Automation framework IAccessible2 has been added

## Language and input
- Support for Vietnamese Telex and Number-key based keyboards
- A large set of symbols have been added to the touch keyboard

## Apps
### Snip & Sketch
- Window snipping has been added as a new tool

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue resulting in Settings crashing when invoking actions on certain places, including under Windows Security.
- We fixed an issue resulting in some Insider experiencing green screens with IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL in the previous flight.
- We fixed an issue where the Action Center might suddenly appear on the opposite side of the screen before appearing on the correct side.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the Action Center icon sometimes showing a number of unread notifications, however when you opened Action Center it would be blank.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Settings crashes on launch for a small number of users.
- We fixed an issue resulting in recently opened items sometimes showing in jump lists even though “Show recently opened items in jump lists” was disabled in Settings.
- We fixed an issue where the Built-in Phrases Setting page for the Pinyin IME would hang for a time if you clicked any phase in the list.
- We fixed an issue where Uninstall would still be shown as an option when right-clicking apps in Start if the group policy “Prevent users from uninstalling applications from Start” was enabled.
- We fixed an issue where if you had an inbox app with a version number longer than 20 characters it wouldn’t be returned as a result if you searched for it.
- We fixed an issue resulting in switching audio endpoints from the volume flyout in the taskbar not working in the last few flights.
- We fixed an issue resulting in some users having issues launching inbox apps after updating to the last few flights.
- We fixed an issue where if word wrap was enabled when using Notepad with a screen reader some words might unexpectedly be read out as two half words rather than one.

## Known issues
- Task View fails to show the + button under New Desktop after creating 2 Virtual Desktops.
- Some users will notice the update status cycling between Getting Things Ready, Downloading, and Installing. This is often accompanied with error 0x8024200d caused by a failed express package download.
- If you change Task Manager settings, the next time Task Manager is opened it will revert to default.
- If you have a have a large number of OTF fonts, or OTF fonts that support the extended East Asian character set, you may experience some unexpectedly missing text across the system. We’re working on a fix. If you encounter this issue, navigating to the Fonts folder (c:\windows\fonts) may resolve it.