<div class="alert alert-warning text-center">
    <h4 class="alert-heading"><i class="fal fa-fw fa-exclamation-triangle"></i> This changelog is about a recently release build</h4>
    This is a draft and will be updated regularly over the next couple of hours.
</div>

## Start

## Cortana + search

## Taskbar + Action center

## User Interface

## File Explorer

## Microsoft Edge 18
### Edge

#### PDF + EPUB

### F12 Tools

### EdgeHTML

### about:flags

## Settings
### System

### Devices
- A link to the torubleshooter has been added to "Printers & Scanner"s

### Phone

### Network & Internet

### Personalization

### Apps

### Accounts

### Time & language
- While installing a new language there will now be an option to set it as the display language
- Speech recognition and Text-to-Speech are now separate installable pieces of language packs

### Gaming

### Ease of Access

### Cortana & Search

### Privacy

### Update & Security
- A settings has been added under "Troubleshoot" that lets Windows automatically troubleshoot issues

### Mixed Reality

### General

## Ink Workspace

## Gaming

## System

## Accessibility
- Narrator can now read next, current and previous sentences

## Language and input
### Input Method Editor

## Apps
- 3D Viewer, Calculator, Calendar, Groove Music, Mail, Movies & TV, Paint 3D, Snip & Sketch, Sticky Notes and Voice Recorder can now be uninstalled

### Task Manager
- Details will now show if an app is DPI aware

## Other features

## And further

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue resulting in App History being blank in Task Manager in the last flight.
- We fixed an issue from the previous flight resulting in Task Manager’s icon in the notification area of the taskbar not staying visible while Task Manager was open.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the upgrade to the previous flight potentially failing with error This same issue could have resulted in Office products not launching, services not starting, and/or your credentials not being accepted on the login screen after first upgrading until rebooting.
- We fixed an issue where Settings would crash in the last few flights if in Ease of Access you clicked “Apply” on Make Text Bigger.
- We fixed an issue where Settings in the last few flights might crash in the last few flights when clicking Check for updates or applying an updated Active Hours range.
- We fixed an issue where Notepad wasn’t listed on the Set Defaults by App page in Settings.
   
- We fixed an issue resulting in File Explorer not launching if invoked from a pinned Start tile when in Tablet Mode.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the brightness sometimes resetting to 50% after a reboot.

## Known issues
- We’re investigating an issue resulting in Settings crashing when invoking actions on certain pages. This impacts multiple settings, including various links in the
- Some users may have an issue launching Inbox Apps after updating. To resolve this please check the following thread on the Answers forum:
- Switching audio endpoints from the volume flyout in the taskbar doesn’t work – there will be a fix for this in an upcoming flight, we appreciate your patience.
- Task View fails to show the + button under New Desktop after creating 2 Virtual Desktops.