## Taskbar + Action center
- The brightness quick action has been replaced with a slider
- You can now re-arrange quick actions in the Action center itself, or add new quick actions

## File Explorer
- Unknown changes to File Explorer

## Settings
### System
- "When I'm using an app in full screen mode" has been added as a new rule to focus assist
- "Fix scaling for apps" is now enabled by default
- Quick action settings have been removed and are replaced with the Action center editor
- "Storage" has been redesigned to merge the detailed view with the main view

### Phone
- The 'Your phone'-design has been updated to show a button rather than a list

### Time & language
- The Region icon has been updated

## Language and input
- Support for Emoji 12 beta has been added

### Input Method Editor
- Text predictions in the Japanese IME now have an index for quick selection

## Apps
### Windows Security
- A setting has been added to allow you to manage access to the camera and microphone when using Application Guard for Microsoft Edge

## Fixed issues
- We fixed the issue causing WSL to not work in Build 18272. Thanks for your patience.
- We fixed an issue resulting in text not rendering on the screen if you had a large number of OTF fonts, or had OTF fonts that support the extended East Asian character set.
- We fixed a recent issue where Task View failed to show the + button under New Desktop after creating 2 Virtual Desktops.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Timeline crashing explorer.exe if you pressed ALT+F4 while it was visible.
- We fixed an issue significantly impacting Start menu reliability in recent builds when pinning, unpinning, or uninstalling apps.
- We fixed an issue where the expected context menu wouldn’t appear after right-clicking on a folder in File Explorer from a network location.
- Some Insiders may notice small differences in File Explorer over the coming flights – we’ll have more to share later about this later.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the home page of Settings having no visible scrollbar in recent flights if the window was small enough to need one.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Settings crashing sometimes in recent flights when going to Sign-in Settings.
- We fixed an issue where Settings would crash if you were typing in the search box with the embedded handwriting panel and went to switch languages within the panel.
- We fixed an issue where playing videos might unexpectedly show a few frames in the wrong orientation when maximizing the window after changing the orientation of your screen.
- We fixed an issue impacting Emoji Panel reliability in recent flights.
- The touch keyboard’s feature to input a period after two quick taps on the spacebar was recently also accidentally enabled when typing with the hardware keyboard and has now been disabled.
- We’ve made some adjustments to improve the performance of WIN+Shift+S bringing up snipping.
- We fixed an issue that caused Far Manager to have a significant pause during a long running command like ‘dir’ (see Microsoft/console#279).
- We fixed an issue that caused Windows applications running from WSL through interop and applications using the *PseudoConsole APIs to redraw the top left corner excessively (see Microsoft/console#235).
- We fixed an issue resulting in running “start .” from Command Prompt failing in the previous flight with an access denied error.
- We fixed an issue resulting in some Insiders experiencing bug checks (green screens) with the error KMODE_EXCEPTION_NOT_HANDLED on the previous flight.
- We fixed an issue where certain devices might hit a bug check (GSOD) when shutting down or when switching from a Microsoft account to a local admin account.
- We fixed an issue resulting in wuaueng.dll repeatedly crashing in the background for some Insiders in the last few flights.

## Known issues
- Some users will notice the update status cycling between Getting Things Ready, Downloading, and Installing. This is often accompanied with error 0x8024200d caused by a failed express package download.
- PDFs opened in Microsoft Edge may not display correctly (small, instead of using the entire space).
- We’re investigating a race condition resulting in blue screens if your PC is set up to dual boot. If you’re impacted the workaround is to disable dual boot for now, we’ll let you know when the fix flights.
- The hyperlink colors need to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if the Insights are enabled.
- Settings page will crash after changing the account password or PIN, we recommend using the CTRL + ALT + DEL method to change the password
- Due to a merge conflict, the settings for enabling/disabling Dynamic Lock are missing from Sign-in Settings. We’re working on a fix, appreciate your patience.