## Start
- The rail will now expand when hovering over it for a longer period of time
- When transparency is disabled, Start will continue to show the wallpaper rather than a solid color as background

## Taskbar + Action center
- The Windows Update icon will now show an orange dot if an update is ready to reboot the device

## User Interface
- The default wallpaper has been changed
- The Windows UI now supports a light theme
- The printing dialog will now follow your color theme
- The printing dialog now makes more use of icons to make options more clear
- Long names in the print dialog will now wrap rather than being cut off
- Action Center now has a shadow like other flyouts

## Settings
### System
- Unplugging or plugging in a device will no longer make the screen brightness flip between 2 states

### Personalization
- "Choose your color" has been added to override both "Choose your default Windows mode" and "Choose your default app mode" settings
- An option has been added to change the Windows mode from dark to light under "Color"

### Ease of Access
- "Hear advanced information about controls when navigating" has been added as a new setting for Narrator

### Update & Security
- "Change active hours", "View update history" and "Advanced options" now have icons under Windows Update
- A link to "Pause updates for 7 days" has been added to the main Windows Update UI
- Active Hours can now be managed by Windows itself based on your activity

## Accessibility
- Narrator text reading commands can now be used to scan a full window
- The "Not on explorable text"-error has been removed
- You can now allow Narrator to read by Sentence in Braille support
- Narrator will now give phonetic readings when using Narrator key + Comma twice
- Narrator has been improved to work better with Chrome

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue causing File Explorer to freeze when interacting with video files in the last few flights.
- We fixed an issue resulting in certain x86 apps and games having blurry text rendering in the last few flights, where the text appeared to have a shadow.
- If you were seeing certain games launch to launch with an error citing unexpected kernel modification detected, check the games for available updates.
- We fixed an issue resulting in some users not being able to set Win32 program defaults for certain app and file type combinations using the Open with… command or via Settings > Apps > Default apps.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the context menu not coming up when right-clicking an open app in Task View.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the touch keyboard not working correctly when trying to type Chinese with the Bopomofo IME.
- Narrator Scan Mode will more reliability toggle off when a user reaches the Word Online canvas, making it easier to type.
- We fixed a race condition resulting in blue screens if your PC was set up to dual boot in recent builds.
- We fixed an issue resulting in some Insiders experiencing a PDC_WATCHDOG_TIMEOUT bug check / green screen on resume from hibernate.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the Network button on the sign-in screen not working recently.

## Known issues
- PDFs opened in Microsoft Edge may not display correctly (small, instead of using the entire space).
- The hyperlink colors need to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if the Insights are enabled.
- Settings page will crash after changing the account password or PIN, we recommend using the CTRL + ALT + DEL method to change the password
- Due to a merge conflict, the settings for enabling/disabling Dynamic Lock are missing from Sign-in Settings. We’re working on a fix, appreciate your patience.
- Settings crashes when clicking on the “View storage usage on other drives” option under System > Storage.
- Remote Desktop will only show a black screen for some users.