## Start
- The power button will now show a orange dot when an update is ready to be installed

## User Interface
- Disabling transparency will now also disable it on the logon screen

## File Explorer
- The File Explorer icon has been updated for better contrast with the white taskbar
- The Downloads-folder will now sort by date by default

## Settings
### Accounts
- You can now create a security key from Sign-in options

### Ease of Access
- Settings have been added to minimize Narrator Home to the system tray and to remove it from the Alt + Tab list
- 5 new verbosity levels have been added to Narrator
- Cursor size now is a slider with support for a larger maximum size and more steps inbetween
- The cursor can now be set to a custom color

### Privacy
- The microphone and camera privacy pages now show which apps are using them and when any app last did

## Accessibility
- Narrator Home has been added with an overview for everything you need for Narrator
- You can now cycle through 5 additional verbosity levels with Narrator + V
- Narrator + 0 will now allow you to read out an URL completely
- Narrator will no longer announce "non-selected" in tables with cells where aria-selected isn't set or when you enter or exit a table
- Capitalization reading is now available for all reading modes
- Reading and navigation commands now stay within the webpage content area when you're using webbrowsers and other apps
- Narrator can now follow its reading position with the cursor
- Narrator text-reading commands are now supported for reading a full window
- You can now tell Narrator to read any of the following goroups of keyboard keys: Hear letters, numbers, and punctuation as you type, Hear function keys as you type, Hear arrow, Tab, and other navigation keys as you type, Hear when toggle keys like Caps lock and Num lock are turned on or off, and Hear Shift, Alt, and other modifier keys as you type
- Narrator now supports combo edit controls and will announce them as such
- Narrator will now tag along with your PIN or password reset

## Language and input
- The on-screen keyboard has been updated to dynamically change the hit target for all keys to predict where someone might tap
- Improvements to the on-screen keyboard to keep it from expanding over the current text field
- The timeout period when dictating has been changed from 5 seconds to 10

## Apps
### Console
- A set of new settings have been added under the "Terminal" tab in Console Settings
- Scroll Forward can now be set to scroll below the most recent row of text after clearing
- The cursor shape can now be changed to 5 different options (legacy, underscore, vertical bar, empty box and solid box)
- The cursor color can now be set independently instead of being the negative color of the current background

### Notepad
- Support for UTF-8 without Byte Order Mark has been added and is now the default
- The encoding format of a document is now shown in the statusbar
- When a file is not saved, an asterisk will be shown at the start of the title in the titlebar
- Send Feedback has been added under Help
- Ctrl + Shift + S, Ctrl + Shift + N and Ctrl + W have been added to open Save as..., open a new Notepad window and to close the current Notepad window respectively
- Support for opening and saving files with a path longer than 260 characters

## Other features
- The Windows 10 ISO Setup has been reworked with a white design

## Fixed issues
- We’ve fixed a bug where Notepad would count lines incorrectly for documents with very long lines.
- We’ve fixed a bug where, when you select a placeholder file from OneDrive in the File Open dialog, we would download the file to determine its encoding.
- We’ve fixed a recent regression where Notepad would no longer create a new file when launched with a file path that didn’t exist.
- We fixed a merge conflict resulting in the Dynamic Lock settings being missing from Sign-in Settings.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Insiders seeing green screens with error System Service Exception in win32kbase.sys when interacting with certain games and apps in the last two flights.
The update block for a small number of PCs using Nuvoton (NTC) TPM chips with a specific firmware version (1.3.0.1), due to a bug causing issues with Windows Hello face/biometric/pin login not working, has been removed as this build contains a fix for that issue.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Settings crashing for some Insiders when clicking “Check for Updates”.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Settings crashing for some Insiders when going to Settings > Update & Security > Recovery.
- We fixed an issue resulting in night light settings not working and getting stuck in the last few flights.
- We fixed an issue resulting in an unexpected amount of space between the categories and subcategories in Settings in recent flights.
- We fixed an issue where the folder size wasn’t calculated correctly in File Explorer’s Properties dialog when there was a path that was longer than MAX_PATH involved.
- We fixed an issue resulting in menu flyouts appearing blank when using the Arabic display language.
- We fixed an issue where when inking on a PDF in Microsoft Edge, if you erased some ink quickly after starting the inking session, then added more ink, upon saving the PDF not all ink may be saved.
- We fixed an issue where the handwriting panel might crash when using your pen to input into win32 apps in recent builds.
- We fixed an issue resulting in not being able to type into certain tables using the Vietnamese Telex keyboard.
- We’ve made some adjustments when text scaling is enabled to emphasize the icon in the Action Center quick actions so that the text doesn’t overlap.
- We’ve made some improvements so that if theme truncation is detected, we will now handle this more gracefully and not result in unexpectedly thick borders around your windows.
- We’ve made some improvements to reduce the number of times where you might see the error “Windows can’t find one of the files in this theme. Do you still want to save the theme?” appear.
- We fixed an issue on the touch keyboard resulting in some letters unexpectedly being black instead of white in dark theme.
- We fixed an issue where the “…” menu in clipboard history (WIN+V) was clipped in recent builds.
- We fixed an issue where when displaying the name of a known file type (one registered under HKCR\<.File Extension>) File Explorer would display an empty string for the file name in some cases. Now, if a file name is not available, File Explorer will always show the extension name, even if Show File Name Extensions is turned off.
- We fixed an issue where Magnifier would not start automatically even when “start after sign-in setting” for Magnifier was enabled if Narrator was not set to auto start after sign-in.
- We fixed an issue where Magnifier did not work with Touch when Centered mouse mode was enabled.
- We fixed an issue where Narrator sometimes would not start after completing Out of Box Experience (OOBE).
- We fixed the issue causing Narrator to start unexpectedly. We also made it easier to turn off Narrator when it was launched unintentionally.
- We fixed an issue where Narrator scan mode did not turn off automatically when you focused the address bar in Microsoft Edge.
- We fixed an issue where Narrator heading navigation was skipping some headings in Chrome.
- We fixed an issue where Narrator read page loaded notification multiple times in Chrome.
- We fixed an issue where Narrator did not read Edit box placeholder text in Chrome.
- We fixed an issue that caused the settings page will crash after changing the account password or PIN, we recommend using the CTRL + ALT + DEL method to change the password

## Known issues
- The hyperlink colors need to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if the Insights are enabled.
- Settings crashes when clicking on the “View storage usage on other drives” option under System > Storage.
- The Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly. This may occur after upgrade, restart, or settings changes.
- Delete previous version of Windows in Configure Storage Sense is not selectable.
- Settings will crash when opening Speech Settings.
- The cmimanageworker.exe process may hang causing system slowness or higher than normal CPU usage. This can be bypassed by rebooting the machine if it occurs.
- Launching games that use BattlEye anti-cheat will trigger a bug check (green screen) – we’re investigating.