## Start
- The power and user menu now use icons to indicate the options, as well as an acrylic background

## Cortana + search
- Updated UI with recent activities, updated filters and more Fluent Design elements

## Taskbar + Action center
- The microphone icon will now show which app is using the microphone
- Icons will have to redraw less often, like when the recycle bin is being interacted with

## Settings
### Time & language
- You can now manually sync your clock with the server under "Date & Time"

## Accessibility
- Narrator can now work better with Chrome
- Centered mouse mode in Magnifier should be more performant

## Language and input
### Input Method Editor
- The Japanse Microsoft IME has been reverted to its pre-18272 state

## Other features
- Antivirus apps must run as a protected process for Windows Defender Antivirus to disable and to show up in Windows Security
- LEDBAT support has been added to Delivery Optimization

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue resulting in PDFs opened in Microsoft Edge not displaying correctly (small, instead of using the entire space).
- We fixed an issue resulting in mouse wheel scrolling in many UWP apps and XAML surfaces being unexpectedly fast in recent builds.
- We fixed an issue resulting in the System unexpectedly consuming a high amount of CPU for prolonged periods of time when enumerating Bluetooth devices.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Cortana.Signals.dll crashing in the background.
- We fixed an issue that caused Remote Desktop to show a black screen for some users. This same issue could also cause freezes over Remote Desktop when using VPN.
- We fixed an issue resulting in mapped network drivers potentially displayed as Unavailable when using the net use command, and displaying a red X in File Explorer.
- We fixed an issue where the Pinyin IME would always show English mode in the taskbar, even when typing in Chinese in the previous flight.
- We fixed an issue resulting in languages showing an unexpected “Unavailable input method” in their list of keyboards in Settings if you added the language via Language Settings in recent flights.

## Known issues
- The hyperlink colors need to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if the Insights are enabled.
- Settings page will crash after changing the account password or PIN, we recommend using the CTRL + ALT + DEL method to change the password
- Due to a merge conflict, the settings for enabling/disabling Dynamic Lock are missing from Sign-in Settings. We have a fix, which will flight soon.
- Settings crashes when clicking on the “View storage usage on other drives” option under System > Storage.
- The Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly. This may occur after upgrade, restart, or settings changes.
- Delete previous version of Windows in Configure Storage Sense is not selectable.
- Settings will crash when opening Speech Settings.
- Insiders may see green screens with error System Service Exception in win32kbase.sys when interacting with certain games and apps. We have a fix that will flight in an upcoming flight, we appreciate your patience.
- There’s an update block for this build in place for a small number of PCs that use Nuvoton (NTC) TPM chips with a specific firmware version (1.3.0.1) due to a bug causing issues with Windows Hello face/biometric/pin login not working. The issue is understood and a fix will flight to Insiders soon.