## Start
- The default start layout has been updated with fewer tiles

## User Interface
- Apps that use native dropdowns will now show shadows below them

## File Explorer
- Friendly dates can now be turned off from the column titles

## Settings
### Accounts
- You can now set Windows up to sign in through an SMS code instead of a password
- Automatic sign-in is now enabled on Cloud Domain Joined devices

### Privacy
- The "Recommended troubleshooting" setting is now fully functional

### General
- Settings will now show your account details at the top of the home page
- The Search category will now be shown before Update & Security

## Language and input
- Special symbols and kaomoji have been added to the emoji picker

### Input Method Editor
- Text predictions in the Japanese IME now have an index for quick selection

## Apps
### Task Manager
- A default tab can now be set under Options

### Windows Security
- Controlled folder access blocks have been added to Protection history
- Protection history now shows you actions to take for certain items
- Detections made by Windows Defender Offline will now be shown in Protection history
- Pending recommendations are now shown in the Protection history
- Tamper Protection has been added as a new option under "Virus & Threat Protection Settings"

## Other features
- Windows Sandbox has been added as a isolated desktop environment to try apps
- The Clipboard UI has been updated to be more optimised for text
- Resetting your PIN now uses the same look and feel as signing in on the web

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue resulting in bug checks with error “KERNEL SECURITY CHECK FAILURE” while creating/launching VMs or installing/performing scans with certain AV Apps.
- We fixed an issue where the Open Folder icon in File Explorer had a white background when using dark theme.
- We fixed an issue in the previous build where Settings was crashing when opening Speech Settings.
- We fixed an issue where the Action Center didn’t have an opening animation in the last few flights.
- We fixed an issue where the activities listed so you could easily pick up where you left off when opening search all had an unexpectedly old timestamp.
- We fixed an issue where the search box in the taskbar had a truncated dark border in light theme.
- We fixed a few scenarios that could result in the taskbar unexpectedly becoming transparent.
- We fixed an issue that could result in taskhostw.exe unexpectedly using a large amount of CPU for a long time.
- We fixed an issue where Settings would crash when clicking on the “View storage usage on other drives” option under System > Storage in recent builds.
- We fixed an issue where “Delete previous version of Windows” in Configure Storage Sense was not selectable.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Backup unexpectedly failing for some with a message saying the media is write protected (error code 0x80070013).
- We fixed an issue where some pages in Settings had more space at the top than others.
- We fixed an issue resulting in ☆ and some other characters not appearing correctly in certain text fields.
- We fixed an issue where the Windows Ink Workspace was using the old Microsoft Store icon.
- We fixed an issue where the emoji picker might draw partially offscreen if invoked near the bottom of the screen.
- We fixed an issue where the second line of the input indicator in the taskbar, when shown, wasn’t legible in light theme.
- We’ve updated our message in the Snipping Tool to include a tip about using WIN+Shift+S to help improve discoverability – thanks folks that suggested this!
- We fixed an issue where in the Details tab of Task Manager you couldn’t sort by the “Shared GPU memory” column.
- We fixed an issue resulting in ShellExperienceHost.exe preventing the device from going to sleep with message “A Miracast Session is currently connected.” despite said session having already been disconnected.
- We fixed an issue from the previous flight where on some systems the High Definition Audio Controller failed to start with Code 10, resulting in no audio from the onboard speakers and microphone.

## Known issues
- When Windows Sandbox is first installed and on every servicing event a setup process will run and trigger significant CPU and disk activity for a minute or so.
- Opening the Start menu in Windows Sandbox takes some time and some Start Menu apps will not run.
- The time zone is not synchronized between Windows Sandbox and the host.
- Windows Sandbox does not support installers which require reboot.
- The Microsoft Store is not supported in Windows Sandbox.
- Windows Sandbox does not support high dpi displays very well.
- Windows Sandbox does not fully support multi-monitor configurations.
- The hyperlink colors need to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if the Insights are enabled.
- The Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly. This may occur after upgrade, restart, or settings changes.
- The cmimanageworker.exe process may hang, causing system slowness or higher than normal CPU usage. This can be bypassed by rebooting the machine if it occurs.
- Launching games that use BattlEye anti-cheat will trigger a bug check (green screen) – we’re investigating.
- USB printers may appear twice in the Devices and Printers under Control Panel. Reinstalling the printer will resolve the issue.
- We’re investigating an issue where clicking your account in Cortana Permissions isn’t bringing up the UI to sign out from Cortana (if you were already signed in) for some users in this build.
- If you’re using Hyper-V and have added an external vSwitch in addition to the default, many UWP apps won’t be able to connect to the internet. Removing the additional vSwitch will resolve this.
- The Task Scheduler UI may appear blank even though there are scheduled tasks. For now, you’ll need to use the command line if you want to see them.
- Creative X-Fi sound cards are not functioning properly. We are partnering with Creative to resolve this issue.
- When attempting to update to build 18305 some S Mode devices will download and restart, but fail the update.