## Settings
### Accounts
- Accounts can now be set up to sign in with SMS in all editions

### Ease of Access
- Additionaly Narrator voices can now be downloaded without downloading full language packs
- 11 new pointer sizes have been added

### General
- The text on numerous pages has been updated

## Accessibility
- Narrator Home's actions have been changed to buttons instead of a listview
- You can now render the current character's phonetics with Narrator + 5 twice
- Narrator now better handles reading controls while navigating and editing
- Narrator is now better in reading tables in PowerPoint
- Improved support for Narrator within Chrome
- When Narrator is on a slider, the left and right arrows will now decreate and increase the slider
- Narrator now announces the state of hardware buttons

## Language and input
- Pressing Win + H to dictate in an unsupported language will now trigger a notifications telling you dictation is not available
- Left Alt + Shift will now trigger a notification telling you about the hotkey and includes a link to Settings to disable it

## Other features
- The PIN reset UI is now available for all editions instead of only Home
- Windows Sandbox now provides better support for High-DPI screens

## And further
- Clean installs of none-Home versions of Windows will no longer use Cortana's voice-over by default during installation

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue where using Hyper-V with an external vSwitch in addition to the default resulted in many UWP apps not being able to connect to the internet.
- We fixed two issues resulting green screens citing an issue with win32kfull.sys in recent builds – one when using an Xbox controller with your PC, one when interacting with Visual Studio.
- We fixed an issue where changes to Mouse Keys settings in Settings wouldn’t persist.
- We fixed an issue resulting in XAML context menus across the system sporadically not invoking over the last several flights.
- We fixed an issue resulting in explorer.exe crashing when right clicking a network printer.
- We fixed an issue where the cmimanageworker.exe process might hang, causing system slowness or higher than normal CPU usage.
- We fixed the issue where Narrator could not be turned off when Narrator message box “Another Ease of Access application is preventing Narrator from supporting touch…” was displayed.
- We fixed the issue where Narrator did not read process/applications from Task Manager when “More details” view was selected.
- We fixed a couple issues related to mouse pointer sizes not increasing/decreasing properly when DPI is set to something other than 100%.
- We fixed the issue where Magnifier failed to follow Narrator cursor in Magnifier centered mouse mode if “follow Narrator cursor” option was selected.
- If you were seeing Windows Defender Application Guard and Windows Sandbox fail to launch on Build 18305 with KB4483214 installed, that will be fixed once you upgrade to this build. If you are still encountering launch issues after upgrading, please log feedback about it and we’ll investigate.
- If you were seeing random yet frequent explorer.exe crashes with Build 18305, we made a server-side change to resolve this over the break. Please let us know if you’re continuing to experience crashes an we’ll investigate. This same issue is suspected to also be the root cause resulting in some Insiders finding Start would reset back to default in the previous build.
- We fixed an issue resulting in upgrades failing with error code 0x800F081F – 0x20003 if Developer Mode had been enabled.
- We fixed the issue where the Task Scheduler UI may appear blank even though there are scheduled tasks. For now, you’ll need to use the command line if you want to see them.

## Known issues
- The hyperlink colors need to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if the Insights are enabled.
- The Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly. This may occur after upgrade, restart, or settings changes.
- Launching games that use BattlEye anti-cheat will trigger a bug check (green screen) – we’re investigating.
- USB printers may appear twice in the Devices and Printers under Control Panel. Reinstalling the printer will resolve the issue.
- We’re investigating an issue where clicking your account in Cortana Permissions isn’t bringing up the UI to sign out from Cortana (if you were already signed in) for some users in this build.
- The Task Scheduler UI may appear blank even though there are scheduled tasks. For now, you’ll need to use the command line if you want to see them. FIXED!
- Creative X-Fi sound cards are not functioning properly. We are partnering with Creative to resolve this issue.
- When attempting to update this build some S Mode devices will download and restart, but fail the update.
- Night light functionality is impacted by a bug in this build. We’re working on a fix, and it will be included in an upcoming build.
- When you open Action Center the quick actions section may be missing. Appreciate your patience.
- Clicking the network button on the sign-in screen doesn’t work.
- Some text in the Windows Security app may not currently be correct, or may be missing. This may impact the ability to use some features, such as filtering Protection history.
- Users may see a warning that their USB is currently in use when trying to eject it using File Explorer.  To avoid this warning, close down all open File Explorer windows and eject USB media using the system tray by clicking on ‘Safely Remove Hardware and Eject Media’ and then selecting the drive to eject.
- In certain cases, in may look as though this build downloads and installs successfully but in fact didn’t. If you think you hit this bug, you can type “winver” in the search box on your taskbar to double-check your build number.