## Settings
### Update & Security
- The reset UI has been updated to require less clicks and provide a more consistent experience

## Apps
### Command Prompt
- The titlebar will now follow the Windows system theme

### Windows Subsystem for Linux
- You can now mannage your WSL distros that are included in the wslconfig command line tool
- You can now import a distro to non-system drives
- You can now export WSL distributions

## Other features
- The "Show clear logon background" group policy has been added

## And further
- Windows will now reserve 7GB space for updates, apps, temporary files and system caches
- The per-process Fiber Local Storage slot allocation limit has been raised

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue where the Network shares page in File Explorer used black text in dark theme.
- We fixed an issue impacting Microsoft Edge reliability in the last few builds.
- We fixed an issue where USB printers may appear twice in Devices and Printers under Control Panel.
- We fixed an issue where the console would lose color when spawning a new Command Prompt.
- We fixed an issue where custom desktop/Lock screen images deployed by a runtime provisioning package would be removed after Windows Update.
- We fixed an issue where the shadow behind a flyout might zoom in after the flyout appeared.
- We fixed an issue where, if enabled, the Windows Start Up Sound might not play after turning on from shutdown or after updating.
- We fixed an issue where the File Properties dialog wouldn’t show the full timestamp if “Conversational format” was selected for the Date Modified column in File Explorer.
- We fixed an issue where the hyperlink colors needed to be refined in Dark Mode in Sticky Notes if Insights were enabled.

## Known issues
- The Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly. This may occur after upgrade, restart, or settings changes.
- Launching games that use anti-cheat software may trigger a bugcheck (GSOD).
- Clicking your account in Cortana Permissions doesn’t bringing up the UI to sign out from Cortana (if you were already signed in) for some users in this build.
- Creative X-Fi sound cards are not functioning properly. We are partnering with Creative to resolve this issue.
- When attempting to update this build some S Mode devices will download and restart, but fail the update.
- Night light functionality is impacted by a bug in this build. We’re working on a fix, and it will be included in an upcoming build.
- When you open Action Center the quick actions section may be missing.
- Clicking the network button on the sign-in screen doesn’t work.
- Some text in the Windows Security app may not currently be correct, or may be missing. This may impact the ability to use some features, such as filtering Protection history.
- Windows feature update may fail but show up as a successful update in Windows Update history page. If this happens you will see more than one successful install for the same update in the history page.
- Users may see a warning that their USB is currently in use when trying to eject it using File Explorer. To avoid this warning, close down all open File Explorer windows and eject USB media using the system tray by clicking on ‘Safely Remove Hardware and Eject Media’ and then selecting the drive to eject.
- When performing Reset this PC and selecting Keep my files on a device that has Reserved Storage enabled the user will need to initiate an extra reboot to ensure Reserved Storage is working again properly.
- There is an issue impacting a small number of users enrolled in Microsoft Intune where they may not receive policies. Those policies are not applied and left in “pending“ state on the server. The workaround is to go to Settings/Accounts/Access work or school and “Disconnect” your Azure AD account and then re-enroll.