## Language and input
- Support for ADLaM and Osage has been added to the keyboard

## Apps
### Windows Mixed Reality
- Support for Win32 apps has been added

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue resulting in many Win32 apps having an unexpectedly long launch time due to being incorrectly suspended by the OS in the last two flights.
- We fixed an issue where the Windows Insider Program settings pages via Settings > Update & Security > Windows Insider Program had a bug preventing Narrator and Screen Reader programs from properly reading the page.
- We fixed an issue from the previous flight where Desktop Window Manager would crash if multiple Office and/or video playback applications were running on the same screen on devices with Multiplane Overlay Support.
- We fixed an issue resulting video playback going black after rotating a device from landscape to portrait.
- We fixed an issue resulting in a green screen with error Kernel_auto_boost_lock_acquisition_with_raised_irql when using an Xbox controller with your PC.
- We fixed an issue resulting in USB devices, including mice and keyboards, potentially not working after updating to recent builds.
- We fixed an issue resulting in intl.cpl hanging when copying settings.
- We fixed an issue resulting in Microsoft Edge not being able to access local IPs.
- We fixed an issue resulting in not being able to extend your monitor to a second screen connected via Miracast.
- We fixed an issue where when you opened a new Notepad window and pressed CTRL + F, the Find window would unexpectedly be populated with the search query from the last time the Find window was used in a previous Notepad instance.
- We fixed an issue from the previous flight that caused consistent black screens when using Remote Desktop, DisplayLink, or Miracast if you are on an AMD or Nvidia driver.

## Known issues
- The Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly. This may occur after upgrade, restart, or settings changes.
- Launching games that use anti-cheat software may trigger a bugcheck (GSOD).
- Creative X-Fi sound cards are not functioning properly. We are partnering with Creative to resolve this issue.
- While night light functionality is back up and running, you may still find issues with other blue light reduction software not working.
- When performing Reset this PC and selecting Keep my files on a device that has Reserved Storage enabled the user will need to initiate an extra reboot to ensure Reserved Storage is working again properly.
- Some Realtek SD card readers are not functioning properly. We are investigating the issue.
- The value in Narrator Settings “Change the level of detail Narrator provides about text and control” might be empty.  To work around this issue, use the Narrator command Narrator key + v to change the verbosity level, then close and reopen Settings app again.
- After upgrade, there might be two Narrator voices talking at the same time.  Reboot the machine once, this issue will go away.
- Windows Sandbox may launch to a black screen for some users.
- Taskbar icons may stop loading and appear blank.
- Some of the Real-Time Protection options for Malwarebytes Premium are not able to be turned on.
- You may see an error when unzipping files.
- The brightness slider may not work.
- Opening Color filters setting in the Ease of Access setting will crash the Settings app.