## File Explorer
* File Explorer now allows you to create files of which the name starts with a dot like ".gitignore"

## Accessibility
* Magnifier with

## Apps
### Windows Sandbox
- Support for capturing hotkeys in full screen has been added
- A configuration file can now be set for Windows Sandboxes
- Error dialogs will now show an error code and a link to Feedback Hub

### Windows Subsystem for Linux
- The file system of a Linux distro can now be accessed from File Explorer
- You can now import and export distros from the WSL command line

## Other features
* Magnifier with larger pointers will now pan smoothly when as the pointer changes shape

## And further
- The "Windows Light" theme is now called "Windows (light)"
- Unknown improvements to gaming

## Fixed issues
* We fixed an issue where Windows Sandbox would not start on localized builds.
* We fixed an issue where Windows Sandbox was unexpectedly throwing an error due to referencing a deleted file under Windows.old.
* We fixed an issue where if the Magnifier was enabled and set to docked mode, machine would crash and reboot on sign-in creating a boot loop.
* We fixed an issue resulting in build unable to log into WinRE with an admin account in the last couple of flights.
* We fixed an issue where if you unpinned groups from Start, apps might end up thinking their tiles were still pinned.
* We fixed an issue resulting in being unable to re-arrange pinned folders in Start’s tile grid.
* We fixed an issue where the text explaining the Downloads section of Storage Sense had unexpected characters in it.
* We fixed an issue where Settings would sometimes crash when opening “Advanced Display Settings” from Display Settings.
* We fixed an issue where after changing an app’s audio endpoint, it might no longer follow master volume changes.
* We fixed an issue where it wasn’t possible to add a drive to the list of folders to exclude when setting up Enhanced Search in Settings.
* We fixed an issue with the Settings header at certain window sizes where long names might be truncated in the middle, rather than wrapping properly.
* We fixed an issue from the previous flight where right-clicking the desktop would bring up a light colored context menu in dark theme.
* We fixed an issue impacting Emoji Panel and Clipboard History reliability.
* We’ve made another fix to address reports of devices getting stuck with “Hibernating…” text on the screen on resume from hibernate.
* We fixed an issue that could cause Windows logon to forget the last logged on user, and instead would display the sign-in prompt for the default user from the list after dismissing the lock screen.
* We fixed an issue where an issue where some of the Real-Time Protection options for Malwarebytes Premium are not able to be turned on.
* We fixed an issue resulting in Internet Explorer’s menu bar not always appearing if enabled.
* We fixed an issue resulting in CDPUserSVC using an unexpectedly large amount of CPU for prolonged periods of time.
* We fixed an issue resulting in DWM crashing frequently for some Insiders on the previous flight.
* We fixed an issue resulting in certain games recently going into a black screen/not responding state if their resolution was lower than 19201080 and the game entered fullscreen.
* We fixed an issue resulting in certain games no longer rendering UI updates (appearing visually stuck) after using Alt + Tab to quickly switch away and back to the game.
* We fixed an issue resulting in significant video and audio lag when projecting videos from certain devices on recent builds.
* We fixed an issue where turning off Location from the Action Center might take multiple clicks to react.
* We fixed an issue resulting in single Unicode character insertion failing for IMEs, the touch keyboard, and the Emoji Panel in certain types of edit controls recently.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the left and right arrows on the touch keyboard inserting 4 and 6, respectively, in certain languages.
* We fixed an issue where newly installed apps might not show up in search results.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the Search pane becoming truncated if launched after rotating the device orientation from horizontal to vertical.
* We fixed a high impact issue resulting in a decrease in Start reliability in the last couple of flights.
* We fixed a recent issue where if you hid the search icon in the taskbar, a number of win32 apps would unexpectedly redraw when opening the Start menu.
* We fixed an issue that could result in unexpected flickering if you used pen or touch in certain win32 apps to launch a second instance of the app when in tablet mode.
* We fixed an issue resulting in File Explorer potentially hanging when trying to rename, delete, or move MKV files in the previous flight.
* We fixed an issue resulting in some Insiders not being able to open Cortana when in Tablet Mode.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the taskbar blinking if an AC adapter was attached when the device had less than 20% battery.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the taskbar disappearing for a second when dismissing Start/Cortana/Search on a secondary monitor.
* We fixed an issue where Cortana’s icon on secondary monitors wouldn’t update colors after switching between light and dark theme.
* We fixed an issue where when using light theme + small icons + a vertical taskbar orientation, text written on the taskbar would stay white and thus wouldn’t be readable.
* We fixed an issue that could result in open apps not being shown on the taskbar (but being visible in Alt + Tab).
* We fixed an issue resulting in greys having an unexpected slight pinkish/purple-ish tinge on some devices in recent flights.
* We fixed an issue that could result in DWM crashing after enabling high contrast.
* We fixed an issue in Ease of Access’s Cursor and pointer settings, mouse pointer size and color are now retained on upgrade. There is a remaining issue with mouse pointer showing white color instead of the selected color after signing out and signing back in.
* We fixed an issue where navigation mode on Orbit display could not be changed.
* We fixed an issue where Narrator paused unexpectedly when reading through a PDF.
* We fixed an issue where users were unable to join or switch between Winds Insider rings.
* We fixed an issue where the Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly.*

## Known issues

* Launching games that use anti-cheat software may trigger a bugcheck (GSOD).
* Creative X-Fi sound cards are not functioning properly. We are partnering with Creative to resolve this issue.
* While we’ve done some work to improve night light reliability in this build, we’re continuing to investigate issues in this space.
* When performing Reset this PC and selecting Keep my files on a device that has Reserved Storage enabled the user will need to initiate an extra reboot to ensure Reserved Storage is working again properly.
* Some Realtek SD card readers are not functioning properly. We are investigating the issue.
* In Windows Sandbox, if you try to navigate to the Narrator settings, Settings app crashes.
* Mouse pointer color might be incorrectly switched to white after signing out and signing back in.
* We’re investigating reports of the Chinese version of multiple games not working.1