## And further
- The "Windows Light" theme is now called "Windows (light)"

## Fixed issues
- We fixed an issue where turning off Location from the Action Center might take multiple clicks to react.
- We fixed an issue resulting in being unable to re-arrange pinned folders in Start’s tile grid.
- We fixed an issue where newly installed apps might not show up in search results.
- We fixed an issue resulting in some Insiders not being able to open Cortana when in Tablet Mode.
- We fixed an issue from the previous flight where right-clicking the desktop would bring up a light colored context menu in dark theme.
- We fixed an issue where Cortana’s icon on secondary monitors wouldn’t update colors after switching between light and dark theme.
- We fixed an issue where when using light theme + small icons + a vertical taskbar orientation, text written on the taskbar would stay white and thus wouldn’t be readable.
- We fixed an issue that could result in open apps not being shown on the taskbar (but being visible in Alt + Tab).
- We fixed an issue resulting in build unable to log into WinRE with an admin account in the last couple of flights.
- We’ve made another fix to address reports of devices getting stuck with “Hibernating…” text on the screen on resume from hibernate.
- We fixed an issue resulting in greys having an unexpected slight pinkish/purple-ish tinge on some devices in recent flights.
- We fixed an issue in Ease of Access’s Cursor and pointer settings, mouse pointer size and color re now retained on upgrade.
- We fixed an issue where the Windows Security app may show an unknown status for the Virus & threat protection area, or not refresh properly.
- The issue impacting Creative X-Fi sound cards has been fixed.

## Known issues
- Launching games that use anti-cheat software may trigger a bugcheck (GSOD).
- While we’ve done some work to improve night light reliability in this build, we’re continuing to investigate issues in this space.
- When performing Reset this PC and selecting Keep my files on a device that has Reserved Storage enabled the user will need to initiate an extra reboot to ensure Reserved Storage is working again properly.
- Some Realtek SD card readers are not functioning properly. We are investigating the issue.
- File Explorer may hang when trying to rename, delete, or move MKV files.
- In Windows Sandbox, if you try to navigate to the Narrator settings, Settings app crashes.