## Accessibility
* Magnifier with larger pointers will now pan smoothly when as the pointer changes shape

## Apps
### Windows Sandbox
- Support for capturing hotkeys in full screen has been added
- A configuration file can now be set for Windows Sandboxes
- Error dialogs will now show an error code and a link to Feedback Hub

## Fixed issues
* We fixed an issue where Windows Sandbox would not start on localized builds.
* We’ve done some work to improve error reporting in Windows Sandbox. Now the error dialog includes the error code and a link to the Feedback Hub.
* We fixed an issue where Windows Sandbox was unexpectedly throwing an error due to referencing a deleted file under Windows.old.
* We fixed an issue where if you unpinned groups from Start, apps might end up thinking their tiles were still pinned.
* We fixed a recent issue where if you hid the search icon in the taskbar, a number of win32 apps would unexpectedly redraw when opening the Start menu.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the Search pane becoming truncated if launched after rotating the device orientation from horizontal to vertical.
* We fixed an issue where Settings would sometimes crash when opening “Advanced Display Settings” from Display Settings.
* We fixed an issue where it wasn’t possible to add a drive to the list of folders to exclude when setting up Enhanced Search in Settings.
* We fixed an issue where there were unexpected characters in the text under the Storage Sense listing for temporary files.
* We fixed an issue resulting in certain games no longer rendering UI updates (appearing visually stuck) after using Alt + Tab to quickly switch away and back to the game.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the taskbar blinking if an AC adapter was attached when the device had less than 20% battery.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the taskbar disappearing for a second when dismissing Start/Cortana/Search on a secondary monitor.
* We fixed an issue resulting in File Explorer potentially hanging when trying to rename, delete, or move MKV files in the recent flights.
* We fixed an issue that could cause Windows logon to forget the last logged on user, and instead would display the sign-in prompt for the default user from the list after dismissing the lock screen.
* We fixed an issue resulting in CDPUserSVC using an unexpectedly large amount of CPU for prolonged periods of time.
* We fixed an issue where the newly added popup window shadows might unexpectedly stop appearing after using your PC for some time.
* We fixed an issue impacting UWP apps resulting in entries under a “…” that launched other apps not working after the first time the secondary app was launched.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the left and right arrows on the touch keyboard inserting 4 and 6, respectively, in certain languages.
* We fixed an issue resulting in the game bar record and broadcast options unexpectedly not working in recent builds.
* We fixed an issue impacting Emoji Panel and Clipboard History reliability.
* We fixed an issue in Ease of Access’s Cursor and pointer settings, mouse pointer size and color are now retained on upgrade. There is a remaining issue with mouse pointer showing white color instead of the selected color after signing out and signing back in.
* We fixed an issue where navigation mode on Orbit braille display could not be changed.
* We fixed an issue where Narrator paused unexpectedly when reading through a PDF.

## Known issues
* Launching games that use anti-cheat software may trigger a bugcheck (GSOD).
* While we’ve done some work to improve night light reliability in this build, we’re continuing to investigate issues in this space.
* When performing Reset this PC and selecting Keep my files on a device that has Reserved Storage enabled the user will need to initiate an extra reboot to ensure Reserved Storage is working again properly.
* Some Realtek SD card readers are not functioning properly. We are investigating the issue.
* In Windows Sandbox, if you try to navigate to the Narrator settings, Settings app crashes.
* Mouse pointer color might be incorrectly switched to white after signing out and signing back in.
* Creative X-Fi sound cards are not functioning properly. We are partnering with Creative to resolve this issue.
* You may experience an increase in Start menu reliability issues on this build – a fix will be included in the next flight.