## Tiles
- Small and Large tiles have been added to the start screen.
- You can now change multiple tiles at once.
- Tiles can now show their download status on the startscreen and All apps list.
- Tiles for desktop apps now get an accent color based on their most prominent color.
- Improved support for portret mode.
- Browser now always use their Modern UI-version of their tile, even if it isn't the default browser.
- When pinning a tile to the startscreen from within an app, you can now choose its size.

## All Apps
- There is an "All apps" button on the bottom of the screen when using a mouse and keyboard.
- You can now sort apps on name, date, most used and category.
- There is now a search field.
- You can now access All apps by swiping up from the start screen.
- New apps aren't pinned to the start screen by default anymore.
- You can now change the behavior of search when searching in the All apps screen.
- You can now display desktop apps first.
- New apps are now labeled as "New".

## Personalize
- Changing the start screen will now start a new edit mode.
- You can now set the desktop background as the start screen background.
- There are multiple new tatoos added to the startscreen (including dynamic tatoos).
- Multiple new colors have been added to choose from.
- The startscreen can now show up to 9 rows of tiles.

## Interface
- When Snap is being used, Windows will ask where to open an app.
- Apps now open in snap view when triggered from within another app.
- Apps now can be selected by holding them.
- Snap can now use multiple sizes.
- You can now snap up to 4 apps per screen (depending on your resolution).
- You can now use multiple Windows Apps on multiple screens.
- The start button has now a visual image again.
- You can now choose to boot to the desktop.
- You can now disable hot corners.
- If you have a high resolution, the charmsbar will (depending on the used hotcorner) appear higher or lower.
- You can now add an app to alarm notifications.
- The keyboard has been improved with numerous features.
- You can now set a presentation as lock screen.

## Internet Explorer
- Tabs can now be synced.
- Click-to-call is a new feature.
- You can now choose to always display the address bar and tabs.
- You can now open more then 10 tabs.
- A Download list has been added.
- Tiles can now have more formats.
- Reading View is a new option that opens a reading-optimized environment.
- Website Tiles can now show a feed.
- Improved support for CSS3 and HTML5.
- Support for WebGL, MDEG Dash and SPDY.
- Brand now F12-Tools.

## Build-in apps
- All apps now support portrait mode.
- You can now remove apps from more devices at once.
- PC Settings
 - Your start screen can now sync between devices.
 - Multiple new features have been added.
 - The app has a major revamped interface.
 - You can now pin PC Settings to the start screen.
- Photos
 - There are multiple new options to change photos.
 - Facebook- and Flickr-integration has been removed.
- SkyDrive
 - It's now possible to view local files from the app.
 - You can now choose to save files to SkyDrive.
 - SkyDrive has been integrated better into the OS.
- Windows Store
 - The Windows Store a has received a major revamp.
 - Apps will now be updated automatically.
 - The icon has been changed.
 - The Windows Store tile now shows spotlight apps.
- New apps
 - Skype - replaces Messaging
 - Calculator
- Bing Drink and Food
 - Bing Health and Fitness
 - Help & Tips
 - Alarms
 - Reading List
 - Search
- Removed apps
 - Messaging - replaced by Skype
 - Bing - replaced by Search

## And further
- Support for NFC, 3G and 4G.
- Wireless printing without additional drivers.
- 2-step authentication.
- DirectX 11.2 is now available.
- The Windows Prestation-index has been removed.
- The Windows kernel has been updated from version 6.2 to 6.3.
- Native support for 3D-printers.
- New installation interface.
- You can now replace Command Prompt with PowerShelll.
- Improved support for high resolutions.
