### Fixed issues
- Fixes an issue where screen tearing and scrambled content appear in applications when a computer is connected to three or more USB 3.0 display devices. This occurs when you change the content on one or more of the connected display devices
- Fixes an issue where a service fails to start when two or more services are using the same built-in account (such as NetworkService or LocalService). When this issue occurs, the failing service reports the error, "The service did not start due to a logon failure", or, "A specified logon session does not exist. It may already have been terminated.”
- Fixes an issue where scheduled tasks with stored credentials fail to run when Credential Guard is enabled. The task fails and reports event ID 104 with the following message: “Task Scheduler failed to log on ‘\Test’ . Failure occurred in ‘LogonUserExEx’ . User Action: Ensure the credentials for the task are correctly specified. Additional Data: Error Value: 2147943726. 2147943726 : ERROR_LOGON_FAILURE (The user name or password is incorrect)."
- Fixes an issue where, during BitLocker decryption or encryption of a drive, files protected with the Encrypting File System (EFS) may become corrupted
- Fixes an issue where opening Microsoft Office files from a file server that has Windows Information Protection enabled fails with the error, “Sorry we couldn't open document xxxx”
- Fixes an issue where a Storage Spaces Direct (S2D) drive that is failing or being removed from a node is incorrectly reported as healthy in admin tools. These tools include Get-Physical Disk, Server Manager, and Failover Cluster Manager
- Fixes an issue where a repair job could be suspended indefinitely after re-adding a node to an S2D cluster
- Fixes an issue where an incomplete Storage Spaces repair could lead to faulty metadata causing future repairs to stop working
- Fixes an token leak in services.exe that occurs after applying MS16-111/KB3175027. This results in a kernel session object leak that degrades system performance over time
- Fixes an AppProxy issue that could prevent mobile devices from connecting to a network
- Fixes an issue where the Remote Desktop clipboard redirection policy doesn't take effect if reconnecting to an existing session and the policy has changed between the initial connection and reconnecting to the session
- Fixes an issue where in a non-English language environment, the OEM OOBE process cannot finish when building a failover cluster. This process fails with the error message, “No integration component with the given name could be found.” 
Improved performance when querying the file system formats of Direct-Access Storage Devices. 
- Fixes an issue associated with the clustering health policy for handling unresponsive clustered drives
- Fixes an issue in the Network Flyout where closing the sign-in dialog unexpectedly (e.g., clicking outside the window) prevents further sign-in dialogs from appearing when the user tries to connect to the same network
Improved performance when launching applications that use Virtual Disk Service to manage volumes. 
- Fixes an issue that impacted some Epson SIDM (Dot Matrix) and TM (POS) printers, which were failing to print on x86 and x64-based systems
- Fixes an issue that causes the VmCompute process to stop working when you reset the Virtual Machine (VM) after Dynamic Memory (DM) changes its memory footprint