## And further
- Updated the BitLocker.psm1 PowerShell script to not log passwords when logging is enabled
- Improved RPC reliability when sending large data blobs
- Added support for OIDC logout using federated LDPs. This will allow kiosk scenarios where multiple users may be serially logged into a single device that has federation with an LDP

## Fixed issues
- Fixes an issue with the Lock Workstation setting for smart cards where, in some cases, the system doesn’t lock when the smart card is removed
- Fixes an issue where saving a credential with an empty password to Credential Manager causes the system to stop working when attempting to use the credential
- Fixes an issue where an access token is improperly closed from a WMI query
- Fixes an issue where the size of a cloned file was improperly calculated by ReFS
- Fixes an error STOP 0x44 in Npfs!NpFsdDirectoryControl
- Fixes an error 0x1_SysCallNum_71_nt!KiSystemServiceExitPico
- Fixes an issue where a computer loses access to its domain each time a Managed Service Account (MSA) automatically renews its password. This fix eliminates the need to restart the OS or the NETLOGON service once NETLOGON Event 3210 is logged with 0xc000022
- Fixes a RemoteApp display issues that occur when you minimize and restore a RemoteApp to full-screen mode
- Fixes an issue with delays when accessing Office documents from a remote network drive. Files open, but file access and file saves are affected. Access delays increase dramatically with increased file size
- Fixes an issue to prevent user logon delays. Delays occur when the Group Policy Preference client-side extensions send BroadcastSystemMessages and processes that have registered, top-level windows fail to respond
- Fixes an issue where the Get-AuthenticodeSignature cmdlet does not list TimeStamperCertificate even though the file is time stamped
- Fixes an issue that may occur when you inspect a corrupted VHDX file on a Hyper-V host; the error is “Multiple Bugcheck BAD_POOL_CALLER (c2) 0000000000000007; Attempt to free pool which was already freed”. However, when Special Pool is enabled, the error is “0xCC PAGE_FAULT_IN_FREED_SPECIAL_POOL”
- Fixes an issue where the Remote Desktop’s idle timeout warning doesn't appear after the idle time elapsed
- Fixes an issue where revoking a certificate associated with a disabled user account in the CA management console fails. The error is "The user name or password is incorrect. 0x8007052e (WIN32: 1326 ERROR_LOGON_FAILURE)”
- Fixes an issue where Multi-Factor Authentication doesn't work correctly with mobile devices that use custom culture definitions
- Fixes an issue where the cluster node stops working when using async replication on very high-speed disks
- Fixes an issue where ksecdd.sys causes LSASS to leak kernel memory in paged pool. This most commonly affects servers that host an HTTPS service and handle a heavy load of TLS handshakes from clients
- Fixes an issue with excessive memory usage in LSASS when it evaluates an LDAP filter over a large record set on domain controllers
- Fixes an issue where LSASS consumes large amounts of memory on 2012 R2 domain controllers during a security descriptor propagation operation. This issue occurs when a security descriptor change is made on a root object that has many descendants. Additionally, Applies To is set to "This object and all descendant objects."
- Fixes an issue where console and RDP logons permanently stop responding at “Applying user profile settings” because of a deadlock between DPAPI/LSASS and RDR. Once the deadlock occurs, new logons fail until the logon computer is restarted
- Fixes an issue where performing TPM-related operations using PowerShell commands on a virtual machine causes the TPM support to fail. For example, performing a Get-TPM operation produces the following error: "get-tpm : An internal error was detected. (Exception from HRESULT: 0x80290107). At line:1 char:1"
- Fixes an issue with WinHello where CEP- and CES-based certificates don't work with gMSA accounts
- Fixes an issue where using a smart card to log on to a Remote Desktop Server sometimes causes the server to stop responding.
- Fixes an issue where "Hibernate Once/Resume Many " (HORM) could not be enabled on Windows Server 2016 IoT with Unified Write Filter
- Fixes an issue where deleting an object that has many links in Active Directory causes replication to stop with Event 1084, error 8409: "A database error has occurred". For additional information, read KB3149779
- Fixes an issue where Windows Server 2016 domain controllers (DC) may log audit events with ID 4625 and 4776. The DCs use Microsoft Windows Security information that has truncated user names and domain names for logons that come from client applications that use wldap32.dll
- Fixes an access violation in LSASS that occurs during the startup of the domain controller role conditions. A race condition causes the violation when account management calls occur while the database is refreshing internal metadata. A password reset or change is one of the management calls that may trigger this problem
- Fixes an issue where Windows Server Essentials Storage Service stops working if a tiered virtual disk is created on a storage pool that has HDD and SSD
- Fixes an issue where attempting to extend a Clustered Shared Volume (the source disk) beyond 2 TB using Disk Management in the Storage Replica feature of Windows Server 2016 Datacenter Edition fails. The error is “There is not enough space available on the disk to complete this operation”. The same problem may occur when using the Resize-Partition PowerShell cmdlet. In this case, the error is “Not enough available capacity”
- Fixes an issue where the Windows Internal Database (WID) on Windows Server 2016 AD FS servers fails to synchronize some settings because of a foreign key constraint. These settings include the ApplicationGroupId columns from IdentityServerPolicy.Scopes and IdentityServerPolicy.Clients tables. The synchronization failure can cause different claim, claim provider, and application experiences between primary and secondary AD FS servers. Also, if you move the WID primary role to a secondary node, you cannot manage application groups using the AD FS management user interface. Once patched, new application groups will be synced correctly. Delete existing Relying Parties (RP) that are not syncing before installing the patch, and rebuild them after the package is installed