## And further
- Improves the performance of AD FS MFA authentication response time by improving the utilization of Strong Authentication Service (SAS) calls
- Adds support for additional high-speed eMMC devices
- Adds support in stornvme for additional SSDs

## Fixed issues
- Fixes issue where WMI stops responding to queries and WMI-dependent operations fail after exceeding the 256 MB WMI Arbitrator memory limit. Computers that experience high WMI memory usage or that return error WBEM_E_INVALID_CLASS or WBEM_E_NOT_FOUND should install this update
- Fixes an issue with a GDI handle leak in the Windows Ribbon control
- Fixes an issue where customers can't change the lock screen image from the Settings app. This occurs if the "Force a specific default lock screen and logon image" Group Policy is turned on and the "Prevent changing lock screen and logon image" Group Policy is turned off.
- Fixes an issue where, during BitLocker decryption or encryption of a drive, files protected with the Encrypting File System (EFS) may become corrupted
- Fixes an issue where UWF file exclusion failed when non-ASCII characters were used in the directory name
- Fixes an issue where ID:55 and ID:130 might be logged when using UWF in DISK mode, which eventually requires a restart
- Fixes an issue where the VSS API ResyncLun failed to find the hardware provider
- Fixes an issue where Hyper-V replication suspends when the primary server restarts and Azure Site Recovery (ASR) is used to replicate Hyper-V virtual machines
- Fixes an issue where an error might occur when the memory manager finds an undeleted page table space when a process terminates
- Fixes an issue where Windows Server 2016 Domain Controllers (DC) may periodically restart after a Local Security Authority Subsystem Service (LSASS) module faults with exception code 0xc0000005. This interrupts applications and services bound to the DC at that time
- Fixes an issue where the AdminSDHolder task fails to run when a protected group contains a member attribute that points to a deleted object. Additionally, Event 1126 is logged with “Active Directory Domain Services was unable to establish a connection with the global catalog. Error value: 8430. The directory service encountered an internal failure. Internal ID: 320130e.”
- Fixes an issue where users may exist in a trusted domain with transitive trust (a child domain across Forest trust or AD FS in a child domain and the user is across Forest trust). However, users cannot locate a PDC or DC for the Extranet Lockout Feature. The following exception occurs: “Microsoft.IdentityServer.Service.AccountPolicy.ADAccountLookupException: MSIS6080: A bind attempt to domain 'globalivewireless.local' failed with error code '1722'.” A message appears on the IDP page, "Incorrect user ID or password. Type the correct user ID and password, and try again."
- Fixes an issue where, when Claims Provider Trust is set with OrganizationalAccountSuffix (even after performing HRD), AD FS doesn't save the HRD information. The user will always see the HRD page for any new request. This breaks the SSO request for users because they need to type a username or email and password for each request
- Fixes an issue caused by a new privilege in Windows Server 2016 and Windows 10 version 1607 named "Obtain an impersonation token for another user in the same session”. When applied using Group Policy to those computers, gpresult /h fails to generate reporting data for any setting configured by the Security Configuration Engine (SCE) extension. The error message is “Requested value ‘SeDelegateSessionUserImpersonatePrivilege’ was not found”. The Group Policy Management Console fails to show the privilege in the Settings tab for a GPO where the setting has been configured
- Fixes a threading issue that might cause the WinRM service to stop working when under load. This is a client-side solution, so it should be applied to affected computers as well as computers that communicate with it using WinRM
- Fixes an issue with system performance that causes logons to become unresponsive with the message "Please wait for the Remote Desktop Configuration" because of a deadlock in the WinRM service
- Fixes an issue where the Remote Desktop License report gets corrupted when it exceeds the 4 KB size limit
- Fixes a race condition in RemoteApp that occurs when an activated RemoteApp window opens behind the previous foreground window
- Fixes an rendering issue in Microsoft Edge for PDF documents with backgrounds created using various third-party publishing tools
- Fixes an issue caused by a race condition where Windows Server 2016 may restart after win32kbase.sys faults with error code 0x18
- Fixes an issue that decreases the Universal CRT’s performance in the _gcvt and _gcvt_s functions
- Fixes an issue in which the output to a file or pipe was fully buffered in the Universal CRT for the standard error (STDERR) stream
- Fixes an issue in the Universal CRT by adding the "x" access mode flag to support the fopen() function
- Fixes an issue with a race condition in the Universal C Runtime (CRT) that occurs when you update the global locale. The issue corrupts the current locale reference count and triggers a double free condition
- Fixes an issue that may change the cluster network associated with an adapter to a partitioned and unreachable state when you run the PowerShell cmdlet: Restart -NetAdapter.
Adds Active Directory Certificate Server (ADCS) support for Certificate Transparency (CT) that is compatible with updated Google Chrome requirements. CT is a technology used by Certificate Authorities to log and publish certificate metadata for improved security
- Fixes an issue that causes Windows Spell Checker to ignore the contents of custom dictionary files larger than 1 MB